[Music]
in a world where toys are living things
but pretend to be lifeless when humans
are present a group of toys owned by a
boy named Andy are caught off guard when
Andy's birthday parties moved up a week
as his family including his mother and
infant sister Molly is preparing to move
the following week Andy's toys including
Bo Peep mr. Potato Head Rex the dinosaur
ham the piggy bank and slinky dog fear
they will be replaced by new toys from
the birthday
sheriff woody the toys leader and Andy's
favorite toy sends out army men led by
sergeant to spy on the party and report
the gift results to the others via baby
monitors the toys are relieved when the
party appears to end with none of them
being replaced by new toys but then Andy
receives a surprise gift a Buzz
Lightyear action figure who thinks he is
a real Space Ranger Buzz impresses the
other toys with his various features and
Andy begins to favor him making what he
feel abandoned as Andy prepares for a
family outing at Pizza Planet his mother
allows him to bring one toy fearing Andy
will choose Buzz what he attempts to
trap him behind a desk but ends up
accidentally knocking him out of a
window the other toys realized Woody's
jealousy and gang up on him but Andy
takes woody and leaves repeats a planet
before they can exact retribution a
vengeful Buzz hitches a ride on the
family van and picks a fight with woody
during a gas stop in the fight the two
fall out of the van and the family
leaves without them Woody and Buzz
managed to make their way to the
restaurant by stowing away on a pizza
delivery truck buzz still thinking he
has a real Space Ranger despite Woody's
attempt to convince him otherwise gets
them stuck in a crane game visually
modeled after a rocket ship where they
are won by Andy's toy abusing neighbor a
boy named Sid SIDS house is full of
mutant hybrid toys of SIDS own creation
as well as his bull terrier dog named
Scud while woody attempts to escape from
SIDS house buzz sees a television ad for
the Buzz Lightyear toy line that shocks
him deeply
in a fit of denial buzz tries to fly out
of a window but fails and loses an arm
upon impact Buzz sinks into a silent
state and becomes a liability toward
Woody's escape plan which falters when
Andy's toys see what he manipulate
buzzes armed from the parallel window
and
come to believe that he murdered him
after the mutant toys emerged and
repaired as his arm Sid and acts a plan
to launch Baz on a fireworks rocket but
this is delayed by a thunderstorm
woody restores Buzz's confidence by
telling him about the joy he can bring
to Andy as a toy
the next day woody and the mutant toys
rescue buzz just as Sid is about to
launch the rocket and scare Sid into no
longer abusing toys and he runs into his
house screaming in horror Woody and Buzz
leave just as Andy and his family drive
away toward their new home the duo try
to make it to the moving truck but Scud
sees them and chases them buzz gets left
behind while saving woody from Scud and
what he tries rescuing him with Andy's
RC car thinking that what he is trying
to get rid of are see as well the other
toys attack and toss him off the truck
having evaded Scud buzz and RC retrieve
woody and continue to chase the truck
upon seeing Woody and Buzz together on
RC the other toys realized their mistake
and try to help them get back aboard but
our C's batteries are exhausted
requiring woody to ignite the rocket
still strapped to buzzes back as they
hurtle onward what he manages to throw
RC into the truck before they soar into
the air and Buzz opens his wings to free
himself from the rocket before it
explodes gliding with woody to land
safely into a box in the van right next
to Andy Andy is delighted to see his
favorite toys again on Christmas Day at
their new house Woody and Buzz stage
another spy mission to prepare for the
new toy arrivals one of the toys is a
mrs. Potato Head much too mr. potato
heads delight as woody jokingly asks
what might be worse than Buzz they
discover Andy's new gift as a puppy and
the two share a worried smile
[Music]